well good morning folks how are
you welcome welcome
welcome just waiting for the
uh opening tick here so I can get
the open Rings
SC see if I can hear this old man
talking
four more
seconds all right there we
go all right so we have a midgap
19843 so in the upper charts
I wanted to do that for
the micr ndaq as
well so for folks that uh don't have the
amount of capital that's required to
trade a mini
contract good morning again by the way
hope you're doing
well um you can trade the the micro and
you can actually do very well trading
just the micro and we're going to
compare and contrast what we see in
relationship between the
two upper left I'm sorry upper right
hand corner chart is the micro December
contract and it's a 15c chart and the
lower right is the 15sec chart of the
mini December contract for
nqbe one minute charts respectively on
the left hand side micro NASDAQ for
December delivery upper left lower left
is December
contract for the
mini okay so really large opening range
Gap
always give the chance for the market to
try to give the public some reason to
chase it when there's a huge gap like
that I have an appointment I have to be
at today
so I will certainly do my best to do a
execution if I have to do it on a 15
second I will
but I'm trying to use the one minute for
my execution if I can't do
one today um during the session I'll try
to do my best to come in and do the
afternoon last hour I'll live stream
that so if I can get an execution off
win or lose during the live stream the
uh if I get one this morning I won't be
on the last hour traing in a live stream
today but if I can't get one then I will
live stream this afternoon but I
absolutely have to close the stream
today at 10:30
so usually I'll say that stuff and I'll
stay you longer but that can't happen
today I absolutely have to get out of
here okay so look at this huge gap in
here upper left hand corner
we'll graphically depict that with
this here huge
guy and obviously the same thing appears
here in the
mini so
as most of you know last week or so we
were really eyeballing that um August
27th through to August 29th 2024
60 Minute relative equal highs on
NASDAQ and when we rolled
over Tuesday for September's delivery to
December's delivery it means we're no
longer trading or watching the September
contract we're watching the December
contract and I failed to mention what
the Catalyst was for me to determine the
roll over and
this
uh right
here you guys are always trying to call
me during the live streams and I'm not
interested in talking to
you so stop doing
that that's the problem with uh the
Freedom of Information Act everybody can
do a search but I'm going to get a phone
number here shortly that's not linked to
me at all and this phone number going to
go
away you all haveen used
it all right so we have a a lot of range
between where we opened all the way down
to
midgap so
198435 and 18, I'm sorry 19844 a half
for the micro so they're very close it's
only off by
tick or no I'm sorry a full full handle
so it's 44.5
for the micro and the Mini showing is
843 and a half
now just for the sake of your notes and
whatnot if we weren't seeing such
a several hundred handle opening
Gap this area right here on the 15sec
chart I would have already use that for
institutional or entry drill so I would
already have a initial position on but
because it's such a large Gap I'm giving
a chance for the market to try to make
an attempt to run out its initial
High there's plenty of range there as I
as I showed the other day during
FMC um I was watching another YouTuber
cover you know what he does
and wasn't trading until uh the last few
minutes when I was going to leave that
YouTuber stream I just put something on
shared it on
my Twitter or X can't I refuse to call
it X something sense sounds
pornographic uh the execution I'll do
today on the micro um I have been as
several times can I do it on the micro
and how can we use the
cfds that I will do that tomorrow so the
topic for uh trading the US 100 the US
500 and us30 um we'll put the charts
side by side and I'll I'll read it with
you live so we for the folks that can't
trade the Futures market and you're kind
of like stuck to just doing cfd trading
like like Tom hugard for instance he
trades the uh the cftd markets but as
Americans we are not legally allowed to
trade them okay which is why I think
it's kind of funny how you know other
influencers will say they're making this
much money trading cfds how do you uh
how do you justify where that money is
coming from because you're not legally
allowed to do that in the United States
just a
little reason to make you
wonder okay so far that's what I was
explaining earlier if we didn't have
that multi several hundred handle Gap up
if it would say like a 60 handle 50
handle certainly 40 handles if it would
have gapped just that much from
yesterday settlement price
this right here that would have been an
entry for me but because it's like this
we have that really really large opening
range
Gap always give the opportunity for the
market to do like this okay I'm winding
down a little bit and then start running
and take out the high because it could
continuously keep going higher and I
expect that type of thing to happen
because I look at that as
an an amazing trap for retail to say
yeah I want to keep going it's broke out
just think about like that most traders
that are retail perspective minded they
like breakouts they like confirmation
type set setups where something has done
something it's moved already like for
instance they now they see this and they
want to be a buyer
now so they like to chase they like to
use breakouts and you know buying about
above a old high you you're basically
buying something that's already been
moving up and how are you going to have
a reasonable stop loss when you're
buying at the highest high at the time
of the
session how much of retracement are you
going to absorb so it doesn't make sense
but it also affords you the comfort of
managing that fear of missing out or
impatience just simply wait let them
take the initial High out if they don't
there's plenty of opportunity to get
into the move with a 15sec chart there's
plenty of fair value gaps to trade off
of there's plenty of micro structure
Turtle soups where they runs up and
takes out short-term highs you don't
have to rush to get into it
okay so there's the initial highs being
taken so once more having an
understanding of what we're looking for
versus impulsively chasing see how gives
you it gives you a peace of mind and
comfort you don't have to be doing
something right away just because the
market starts
trading and check
this CH here
see me I apologize these are all things
that would have been
uh see that I Incorporated the volume of
bounds because I have my good glasses on
today not the not the old ones all right
so you can't use this Candlestick and 31
no Gap 32 no Gap 33 no Gap Gap no Gap no
Gap no yes so this is first presented
Fair
Gap and we'll extend that to the
right and for now we'll just keep it
gray that way we're not trying to entice
any kind of
right and the same thing for the
micro your first presented Fair got in
the micro
contract so we have taken out the
initial high of the day after a very
large range gap opening we're we're not
rushing and we're just going to Simply
relax and let
price give us a scenario that we can
trust and I'll explain what that would
look like when it's presented to
me so we got our
19926 level I was working with my
private group last night
and we're were able to capture a lot of
that uh that run
up all right so now we
have validated any breakout Traders
going long
to anyone that bought on the breakout
you think they feel comfortable right
now or inside of the
initial fairb gap between 9:31 and 10
o'cl from the opening
range consequent encroachment should
have been tra
two just about
it's got real close to it we call yes
so there's there's a couple things it
can it could use here where it could use
the consequent CR of the initial Fairway
Gap then rally up into touch this one
here or if we leave this all together
come back up and then work the lower
half of this Gap and treat it as an
inversion fair value
Gap Traders are caught long buying Above
This breakout here all this is retail
buying that
and cell side is right
here if you don't mind I'm just going to
work with
this single chart because it's a little
too much going on
and again we're favoring the the
likelihood that we could draw back down
into mid gap which is a good distance
down here okay so it's a lot of range to
be down there doesn't mean it's going to
do it today's session doesn't mean it's
going to do it in the morning
session see where the bodies are here
mid part midpoint of this first Gap and
then we're up into this inefficiency see
right
here okay now watch the midpoint of this
here
I know I have another settings on
terrible terrible terrible
F want to see price stay in the lower
half down
here and aggressively run below this low
here
don't copy me
using the micro contract is very very
forgiving and that should be there
so so you don't have to be as precise I
was trying to capture it as it was
hitting the lowest part of this the
illustrate how you don't have to have a
lot of risk on versus if you try to CH
with a mini you want to be a little B B
more precise so in the beginning you're
not going to be comfortable selling it
as it goes right up into this Gap and
you may get stopped out and there's
nothing to be afraid of if you get
stopped out Caleb I'm showing you how to
work with graduated
understanding have plenty enough uh
plenty time get in here and take other
executions
so think about this high right here to
this
High
sorry this
this old
high because we had a large gap several
hundred handles
higher it's likely to do this very thing
where it'll drop down
initially create some kind of oversold
condition for indicators some some kind
of oversold maybe a Divergence of some
kind um harmonic Traders something to
that effect they'll see it it's it's
just a cheap price okay and then they'll
send it higher taking out that high so
traders that want to be long on a break
out because they see how big the move
has happened from
yesterday to where we're at today
if if they Place their orders here to
buy on a breakout those actually become
filled and they're hot now up above
here see that and the market break
slower and we had two fair value gaps so
this is model 2022 stuff in case you
ever studied that this is what this is
if you have a fair value Gap here but
there's another smaller one just above
it always expect that it's going to go
up into the SEC The Higher One and it's
stabbed into it there see
that
so initial fair value
Gap model 222 first then we treaded down
and I was trying to
time at the low because I wanted to show
the lowest entry in this first fair
value gy but this is actually even
better because it was outside of that so
you can see how it's it's already very
forgiving some of you that live in third
world Nations and I don't mean that to
be mean or anything like that but it's
just a truth you know $65 you know $80
or so is a big deal where you're at and
just trading with one micro contract can
make
the the grocery bill a a lot easier to
pay for so when you're starting out you
can set things in motion for an
objective of just trying to get one
single micro contract to yield you 75 to
$100 and then have that be a goal every
single
day and if you can get to that point
where it's not it's not something that's
difficult for
you you're not worryed about the money
okay you're not worried about the money
you're not worried about the the fear of
being wrong or or the necessity of being
right in front of your peers you're in
this little laboratory experiment
setting and now because you can see that
you can take your profit you can move to
Sidelines here or right now Caleb I want
you to think about if you don't take it
if you don't take the profit and close
it at $75 to
$100 what does it feel like knowing that
that is the threshold that you're aiming
for but you don't take the profit and
just roll your stop what does it feel
like to stay with the trade is it easy
for you to hold on to it is it hard for
you to hold on to it do you feel any
kind of regret anytime the Candlestick
starts moving back towards your stop
loss or your entry do you feel any kind
of I wish I would have gotten out or I
wish I would have had a bigger
positional look how nice this thing
dropped down these are all the things
that you're supposed to be journaling so
you want to take screenshots of this you
can you can use Dad's chart here right
now but you want to record like all in
these Open Spaces
here up in here all this area here you
want to record what it feels like for
you when you're in the trade and the
parameters would be if you get $75 to
$100 using the micro you're not using
the mini you're only using one
contract you can clearly see it offered
it to you but we're saying
hypothetically you're not going to do
that you're going to try to stick with
does it want to reach
to a little bit
lower which is the upper quadrant level
here on the opening range Gap so this
would be just a logical price level to
see it want to reach for but do you have
the patience presently to hold on to it
and disregard anything that happens in
price because if it comes back up and
hits the stop loss it's not it's not a
losing trade you didn't lose any
anything but it's giving you the
experience that everyone else and I can
tell you this with my own students they
try to avoid these types of learning
experiences because they want it to be
get me in let me make money I don't want
to get stopped out and I want it to go
right to my target real fast and this is
the stuff that you learn to
do better trading is done through these
types of things here having measured
approaches laboratory experiments
basically where you're you're going with
a minimum expectation
the draw is mid Gap in the first 10 um
sorry the first 30 minutes that's that's
what you're trying to aim for so you're
using that built-in little 70% Advantage
it doesn't mean it's going to go to
midgap today doesn't mean that it won't
go uh higher it could take the high out
but you need to record what it feels
like for you are you feeling the
excitement or are you feeling the fear
the an the anxiety or the uh I guess the
uh
the uncertainty if it's too much for you
you need to record that initially and
over time doing these things you'll find
that it gets it's faster for it to not
be present here comes a stop almost oh
almost got come
on come
on
now not taking the partial not I'm sorry
not taking the profit you have to record
what do you feel do you feel regret do
you feel that it was advantageous to
follow the model enough to know that $75
to $100 is offered to you and you don't
even need to get to a Target that would
be either the upper quadrant or the mid
mid
guap using the logic over
here mid gap of the first presented fair
value gap on the one minute chart
the logic was there poor execution entry
still afforded $75 to $100 in a
micro if you relax and allow and
instance for everyone else that's
watching if you relax and allow that to
be your initial targets to start with
just trying to get in and finding this
once a day and when you get it don't
push the demo again but you can just
tape read after that these are are all
exercises I gave for my students when we
were teaching primarily
Forex
and it was not received as well as I
thought it would because it gives you a
context of what it is you're doing in
front of the price action if you're
going to just sit in the charts and just
stare you know Into The Ether and you
not know what you're looking for you you
have to experiment you have to engage
with price action and you have to use
the rules that I taught in in the
content what things support an idea for
the price to go higher or lower what is
the time of the day you're trading what
characteristics are there around that
time of day so if you're just going in
here blindly just watching other live
streamers or if you're in here just
trying to chase after price you're never
you're never going to get better at
doing that you're just going to stay
doing just that and you never learn how
to trust your own decision making you
won't trust the rules because you're not
applying them in a very
small low risk risk low yield in terms
of excitement conditions so we went back
up and touched the bottom of that fair
value Gap here and again we're on a
15-second chart so cell side now has
moved down to here and we're focusing
primarily on the return back into
discounts so that's going to be this
upper quadrant level this blue line here
is the upper 75% level of the highest
high to
the the next quadrant measurement of the
total opening range
Gap and that's below so below this low
here if we drop down to T tack this uh
cell Sol City Pool it could trade down
below that into the upper quadrant level
is what I'm
saying and you look for and I'm sorry I
didn't say this earlier but if you
watched what I was teaching on the other
day you want to see a 20 handle
run potential for the setup so what I'm
doing is I'm I'm watching over
here we're going to go to 20,10
even and
then that's 20 handles okay so what I'm
looking for is where a fair value Gap
and this could be used for order blocks
it could be uh any of my PD arrays it's
not just just the uh fair value Gap but
any of my PD Rays whatever one you like
to to use to trade with you first have
to have the directional bias to some
degree not for the whole day not for the
session but you have to something that
tells you what you're aiming for and
we're electing to stay with the 70%
strike rate that it's likely to see it
gravitate towards middle of the opening
range Gap
so say uh say you wanted to use the
institutional I'm sorry the immediate
rebalance
here would that afford you from that
point here to get down to that low would
that be 20 handles sure it would be
that's that's a that's a range that
could be used for an experiment of
watching how using that level tape
radiant how does it behave does it run
for this High here back into the initial
fair value gap or does it break below
this aggressively and start to
accelerate through this inefficiency and
tact that cell
side there has to be some kind of
framework what you're looking for if you
don't have it then you shouldn't be all
keyed up about what price is doing you
shouldn't have any emotional response to
what price is doing
ever doesn't mean you can't cheerlead
yourself on when uh when you've done
something
well but you shouldn't beat yourself up
if you don't do something right
acknowledge the fact that you didn't do
it right move on identify key points
where you can improve to hopefully avoid
doing it again and journal
that so for the folks that are looking
at their accounts with the funded
account companies and you're out there
trying to do these massive huge um
trades because you want to make a big
payout real fast that's the worst thing
to
do because if you don't take advantage
of the opportunities of building that
account $100 a day with very little risk
extremely low risk you won't feel
emotional you won't feel scared you
won't be you won't be afraid to takeing
any any trade because the size that
you're risking if you're wrong is so
minuscule
like some of those accounts and I I I
think if I'm and forgive me if I say
this wrong but I think it's the lowest
ones they offer you like uh $1,000
maximum loss or something something to
that effect but uh when you're risking
50 bucks or less on a trade and you're
trying to make two to one you know risk
50 to make a 100 bucks and once you do
it you stop and you do that for a few
weeks until you get comfortable being
able to do it then you go for okay well
I want to try to do two of them if
you're using them one minute five minute
and 15 second time frame as your you
know three time frames to work with high
frequency entries
you can do 200 300 every single day and
never risk wild amounts of money and
then because some of you guys are doing
these multiple layered up accounts where
you know 10 15 20 accounts it's easy to
get these wild uh thresholds met where
you get a a
withdraw but if you're in there trying
to trade with big contracts is big big
contract
sizes I'm looking at these relative
equal highs here and then we went back
in here to the first fair value
app just want to take a quick look at
the one minute in relationship because
everything I'm doing when i'm doing the
live streams I'm forcing myself to
Simply use one screen because that's
kind of like the closest thing
that you're doing you don't have all the
other stuff that I have available to me
so I'm trying to force myself just to
use the
minimum the minimalist approach
and again some of you Jokers out there
that are watching this just say oh look
at this you know that was a terrible
feel I'm trying to illustrate how in the
beginning Caleb or anyone else that's
new you're not going to time it
correctly remember in the beginning I
told you not to use the limit orders I
want you to go in and Market it in and
then feel what that feels like do you
have regret about your entry do you
have um a sense of accomplishment that
you did a really good entry
so we're watching the highend top of
that initial fair value
Gap over here on the one minute chart
upper left hand
chart so we're back inside
there it can Spike up and re you know
redeliver to the high of it I just want
to see the body stay at the middle point
or
below and if we if we can manage to do
that and then roll outside of it once
more then I think what we'll do is just
make an attemp get down into this
inefficiency and attack the cell side
here otherwise I'm not interested in
going
long so if it rallies it'll do it
without
me but the point is is showing what
you're
measuring how to time it using this the
setups I mean no one can
deny
um the logic that's being showed here I
mean it clearly did exactly what I said
this morning and I'm not trying to say
face or anything but I just I like to
remind people because they're constantly
out there trying
to discourage you or they'll say things
that isn't true about me like I'm
rebranding something
else get your clicks lady but the
um the buy stops here telling you they
was going to run up there first that
gets the retail Traders tra trap that's
a real trap I've explained to in in
advance before it happened and then
trade down into the first presented Fair
got I told you watch about halfway of
this then shoot up into this upper Gap
here and it happened that's the model
2022 entry and then it sells off and
then we use the midpoint to treat this
as an inversion fair value guy which is
still it should have been colored here
when to trade down to I apologize but
it's it's a lot to talk about this over
a 15-second chart and see what it is I'm
expecting frame and a statement that it
makes sense to you hopefully and I'm
still watching and navigating price it's
not as easy on a 15sec charge to stay up
up to it and not say something
incorrectly or not say it as well as I
wished I would have because I don't have
benefit or luxury a
ton each candlesticks pain and quick so
it's not the fact that price is moving
fast this is the framework around every
individual Candlestick is painting
faster so the things I want to detail
about those individual
candlesticks I have to have my
expectation known in advance otherwise
I'm not going to be able to keep up with
the pace of every individual 15 second I
only have 15 seconds to talk about the
Candlestick before it closes in and new
one
begins so we add a little Mohawk here
there's a little portion of
this area up here it could be trading up
into
and I'll just
take middle level into
account so from this candlestick's high
this candlestick's low midpoint that's
consequent encouragement you see that's
traded there and then look at the
reaction off that that's nice and the
bodies did not lay on top of that mid
Gap all right so now you can watch the
consequent encroachment of the inversion
fa value Gap once more
here so look at this low here that's a
minor and this is a minor cell side so
keeping in mind this is the range for 20
handles do we see ranges that afford us
working from anywhere in here upper
quadrant mid lower quadrant or the low
of the inversion fair value guy can that
yield the potential of moving at least
this much so that's like your minimum
expectation or filter that says I have
to see if there's a trade forming and by
knowing what what you're looking for for
Price action like where should the
setups
form um like everything I outlined over
here that came to pass we're waiting for
a scenario that builds confidence that
we're going to run to a cell side here
or run to this cell side here what would
that look like it would have to be a for
me I want to see it leave the inversion
fair value Gap and stop reaching for any
kind of
Premium so if we go outside of it touch
it one time with one Candlestick that's
it doesn't it do mean just touch it one
time the next displacement after that
that's lower that would form a fair
value Gap that's the one I would sell
short on and an aim for if the range is
like say the entry will be up here well
looking at this distance or height of
price action if the fair value got
formed in this vicinity trading to that
low right there would afford Caleb a
setup so it's a setup that is meeting
the
criteria but if you don't have some kind
of a threshold that frames the whole
basis of what you're aiming for as a
minimum it has to at least offer 20
handles if it doesn't afford him 20
handles then he can't take the
trade he just have he has to let it just
pass and what happens if it works out
where if it was 18 handles and he
doesn't take it and it pans out how
should he feel like that he should feel
good that he exercised discipline that
he exercised the well he had the
identification correct that there was a
setup there but he just says no I'm not
taking that one because I want to learn
how to trade with Excellence I don't
want to get in here and just get dirt on
my hands okay I want to get in here and
walk in here and treat my trading with a
white glove approach where I don't get
my hands dirty I go in I execute like a
professional and leave without getting
my hands
dirty you're not emotional you're not
freaking out you're not chasing anything
I like that right there that's
nice so both of these
are cell side but they're
minor but they can still
yield they can still yield the uh
intended
goal wrong
side um on a micro Caleb you're going to
be able to do wider stops and it doesn't
hurt you that much so now that's I like
to see I don't want to see it close up
and get close to this I want to see this
Candlestick close down and
create see it's closed right back in I
can't use that one
now so now we touched we
left the inversion fair value got we
left it we had one Candlestick come back
and touch it so any displacement lower
that creates a fair value Gap I'll use
that on the 15sec chart to
enter none of this worries me and it
gives you no concern whatsoever you see
how it keeps you from panicking I'm
going to miss a move it has to do
certain things if it does this then I
will do this if it keeps doing this that
is not something that's setting up set
up for me then I'm sitting still I'm not
worrying about it I'm completely content
there's zero fear in what I'm doing here
none and you might say well it's because
you're trading with a paper trading
account no I'm in front of however many
people are watching and all of you have
this measurement of me oh it better be
perfect or you're not Inner Circle
Trader now are
you it's easy to talk from the sidelines
but get out
here knowing what you're looking for and
how you're going to engage and when
you're going to sit
still Paramount that's more important
than you trying to make money because
the making money that's that's that's
the easy part the hard part is getting
to the part of
not going in here impulsively just
pushing buttons all right now see what
it's done think about what I this
outline
Caleb we want to see this displacement
below this Fair guy uh yeah the fair
guy easy for you to say I the first fair
value gap of the morning and I wanted to
see it trade below it and show
displacement if this Candlestick would
have not had this High come back and
touch this candlestick's low that would
have been a fair value guy and then I
could have used that one and I would
have traded to get down to here but
because it went and touched it then I
have to wait for now another
displacement lower where it creates a
fair value gy if it doesn't create one
can I take a losing trade here
no and you're worried about losing why
you're not listening to what it is I'm
talking about and all the long stuff all
the drawn out long boring stuff to get
to the point the point is I'm teaching
you how to do it the correct way
and avoid all the problems that I went
through and most other Traders go
through not realizing there's a better
way of doing it and not have to get all
that scar tissue that that's the result
of doing things
incorrect okay so we came all the way
back up into this Gap
here I'm going to make this ugly color
because I'm going have to stand out
see so we bumped this little short-term
High
here but what happens if it goes up even
more Michael you know you miss out on a
big range day I'm not teaching Caleb to
anticipate and expect to know how to
know that the daily candlestick's going
to do that these are smaller little
modular lessons that will give him
number one something to do
that will allow him to progress in a
meaningful and realistic manner not
trying to get some Olympic gold medal
result he he doesn't know how to trade
he has no idea how to do it so in my
opinion as his dad and as the the mentor
too I'm teaching him how to have very
low expectations on himself so that way
he can't beat himself up if he doesn't
do it right he's not going to do it
right in the beginning nobody does I
didn't do it right in the beginning so
you have to build in these allowances
for
imperfection and set the the mark for
pro
progressing you
know in small incremental steps make it
so that way every day it's easy to get
to that cookie or that little reward
okay so we bumped the old high here so
this was the initial high today
there if we take out this High here we
might be seeing a a larger run higher
admittedly on the daily chart that is in
the cards but I still wanted to see it
offer another opportunity to get towards
that mid Gap doesn't need to fill it
today because everything technically is
really
bullish so the buy side is not here
anymore it's here
and the question would be is if they
already trapped Traders
here will we then have taken it above
that high if not to go
higher you know longer term into the
day so every day Caleb when you first
start looking at your charts you want to
frame a little box with 20
handles and what you want to do is you
want to take that after the fact after
the Market's already done moved around
and whatnot you want to be moving and
see okay like here's a fair value got
right
there and you could have got an entry on
it right
there did this
yield 20 handles yes would it be
reasonable to see it trade up to fill in
this Gap here as a Target and it does
yes you don't even need to trade all the
way back up to the inversion Fair B Gap
you don't need to see that at all and
doing these types of things these types
of setups happen all day
long going up and going down going up
going down and what you're going to
learn and this is for everyone else's
benefit you listening you're going to
learn that there are some setups that
are going to be easy to spot as
something that might deliver but you're
not willing to take it and that is a
huge
Monumental milestone in your progress
because everybody wants to go out just
simply get in and push the button
everybody wants that but nobody wants to
do the work in preventing needless draw
down no one wants to do that kind of
work
because why put all the time in front of
the charts or listen to some guy or
teacher or go through all the course
material of whoever it is you're going
to listen to and not start making money
right away and that's the
unfortunate you know Tick Tock mentality
that is pervasive today it's it's it's
too many things forcing you to want to
be fast about getting a result that you
don't technically have the skill set to
expect it's unreasonable for you to
expect it basis what I'm
saying
now what I've noticed here is the first
fair value
Gap it behaved everything here as we
would expect it to when we were down
here I said you can take this off at $75
to $100 and that you would be done but
I'm placing him and placed him rather in
a condition where the stop was rolled to
just make sure the costs were covered no
no commission cost would be a factor and
no
losing no draw down basically
so the reflection on
that should
be if you have a Target in the beginning
$75 or to $100 on one one micro if the
trade that you're in yields it to you
and you're still trying to learn how to
do this take the profit at $75 to $100
do it on a limit do it on a market exit
and then simply watch what the price
does go back and listen to the recording
when it was down here I was explaining
that this is what you're looking for and
then you could just comfortably close
the trade and how much time has
transpired from the
entry their entry was here look look
what the look what the fill is it's
almost near the worst possible scenario
and it still yield at $75 to
$100 at the time I was talking about it
still was yielding
$100 how much better would your trade
and listen folks everybody wants to be
you
know the the person that stands out okay
the person that can do it better than
everybody else okay that's what you see
on social media right
now if you were making $100 consistently
every single day and that's all you
did is that Improvement based on what
you're doing right now because I would
venture to say that 95% of you are not
that profitable you're not consistently
making money okay so how I'm teaching
Caleb is if you can make a Benjamin
every single day or fail trying to do it
but making
75 that's progress that anyone should be
proud of I mean if I found $100 on the
street walking down the sidewalk I
wouldn't look at it and say I'm not
picking you
up but what's the chances you finding
that happened every single day not
likely but if you build this skill set
I'm showing you you'll be able to do
that every single day you'll have the
opportunity like walking outside and
saying oh here's a $100 bill let me pick
that up and take that put in my
pocket and if you learn to be content
with that in the beginning everybody
wants to make $1,000 to trade or more
everybody wants to have $10,000 payout
leeks everybody wants to make a $100,000
six figure payouts everybody everybody
wants that stuff right now but you have
to start somewhere small that keeps you
motivated while you're learning to be
comfortable you have to trade
comfortably you have to look at things
in price action and say yeah this makes
sense I expected to see this happen and
this this is basically what I'm looking
to trade off of so I'm going to take the
first opportunity to get in but if it
doesn't give those parameters for you to
get into the trade teaching what I'm
teaching you Caleb you're not getting
beat up you're not getting ried across
the coals and and doing it wrong and
entering poorly and getting stopped out
do you see that for everyone else that's
listening to do do you get that because
if you're not getting that you're not
picking up on the main lessons that what
we're trying to do is
develop
self-control and have measured realistic
objectives that could be easily met
met all right so this is two times we
made a higher high
intraday with a huge opening range
Gap we've already worked the initial
first presented Fair Bay Gap here we
dropped down in here and we didn't get
the set up that I was wanting to see
here so this was a
raid and this was another press into a
higher high so
we have to hold on
to this area right
here watch what I'm about to show you
this is liquidity okay this is another
lesson that you ain't going to see in
anybody else's [__] this was your
initial high this was the stop run that
took out that initial High all of this
shaded area that I
highlighted now that
area you treat that as a balanced price
range extend that over
we don't need this Gap
here that
off so now what do we do with this
information you have sell side here you
have a pool sell side here you have sell
side there first presented fair value
gap down here this is a balanced price
range because it took a run into real
orders this was not contrived it's not
some just random area this was exactly
where buy orders were brought brought
into the marketplace and smart money
sold to those individuals to drive them
into loss because when the retail
Traders used this area here to go long
on a breakout above the initial high of
the day
here they're trapped long so the
Market's going to gravitate to opposing
liquidity where's that cell side where's
that right below that low how far can we
reasonably expect it to go below this
low
Michael you're handy dandy Fibonacci
place it on your high that's your
highest candle in all of this swing high
it's anchored to the highest high drop
it down to the low
here this is the this is the first
measurement I gave you whenever you have
a dealing range and you want to look for
external
liquidity measure the range which is
this High here down to that low your
first stepping stone to understand how
far prices can go beyond that or outside
the range
is negative
0.25 that's this level here did it trade
there yes but if it's going to do a
measured run it's simply just a negative
one standard
deviation that's down
here that gets us to that upper quadrant
level in the FIB
you graduate from a negative 0.25 level
to what's half of the negative
one it's negative
0.5 look where the bodies
are when I'm looking at this price leg
here I'm getting an approximation
because it's just simply like I'm
teaching you Caleb to look at these 20
handle runs in measurement and size and
and getting familiar with what that
looks
like this run here to here half of that
run was when we were down here when it
was trading at $75 to $100 open
unrealized profit that's why I saying
close that if you were in a day that
didn't have this multiple 100 handle
opening Gap you could take this as a
partial and then aim for the upper
quadrant level of the opening Gap that's
what this level is
here and then if it's going to go down
below that which is likely what would it
reach for one standard deviation or a
measured move of this High to that low
projected below this low takes us down
here but because we have a a huge
gap chances are it can do what
continuation but initially while you're
in the opening range of the day not the
opening range Gap the opening range
which is 9:30 in the morning Eastern
Time to 10:00
after a very large opening range Gap
higher always expect them to drop it
down create an initial high of the day
and then then run that then then there's
a deeper retracement into it whether it
gets to the mid Gap upper quadrant level
doesn't matter it frames the logic where
you can take a very easy bread and
butter setup which is what I outlined
all of this here was that but I showed
you what it's like if you don't take the
partial or if you don't take the closed
off you know if you don't take the one
single contract of your work with Caleb
and close it when you get $75 to $100 in
open profit and record what it feels
like to do that and record every single
day and do it stop when you get it don't
push the buttons
anymore having that
consistency that ability to see
something and then you capitalize on it
and you realize it and you take it home
in in the results it builds your
confidence but it's not overconfidence
because remember it's just $75 to $100
but now when you take the logic that's
being used by taking a setup like this
and capturing and move down to where you
get to 75 to
100 what happens when it becomes a mini
contract then it gets a little bit more
exciting then you start making your
weekly salary at your job in one of
these little bread and butter setups
just one of them not an everyday thing
just one of them yields that and then
what happens is it becomes much
more
um beneficial for you to be selective
about what setups you take and you don't
have to be trading every single day but
in the
beginning you need to be doing a lot of
these types of setups because it it
desensitizes you to yeah I I know I can
find lots of setups I know I can find
lots of setups and I don't need to be
fearful of missing any of
them but I have two minutes left
all right
so I covered a bunch of stuff um for the
folks that say I trade border blocks and
that's supp plort and deand supply and
demand or what is it support and
resistance no but uh I can teach you how
to find the levels that classic support
and resistance would hope to be able to
pick but they there's never been a out
there and I have over 2,000 of them
there's never been a book that has
communicated how to find the right
support level or the right resistance
level and I'm using those terms right
those correct ones just like I've never
seen a book that showed you how to pick
the right diagonal support trend line or
diagonal resistance trend line it's it's
so subjective it's it's it's a farce
really but when you look at
this initial high it's unreasonable
based on what I taught you today and
what I taught in core content lessons
too and mentorship it's unreasonable to
anticipate the market to come right back
up to that high and stop as resistance
but it is reasonable based on
algorithmic principles that it will go
above that high to get the orders for
the express purposes of going lower to
attack them so they're targeting retail
mindset that's why retail Concepts is
not what I I don't trade with that stuff
just because you see me drawing a box or
drawing a a trend line segment to
highlight a very specific price level
for you to focus on we're attacking that
level okay that's what we're doing we're
T we're we're targeting it I'm not using
this old high to say I want to sell
short at that price level no I'm
expecting it to go up there and spend
some time up there why because it's
going to accumulate what the orders that
would be sitting there and then drop it
down to attack the mindset that retail
Traders use which is buying momentum
selling momentum buying a breakout
selling a breakout they're never trading
against the direction of their intended
profit in other words if they're bullish
they're never entering when the Market's
dropping they're not doing that it's
scary to them because they don't know
what they're doing but I'm doing that
I'm going in and teaching you how to
capitalize on that counter move you're
you're you're running against the wind
and that's exactly how you hang glide
that's how planes fly to Heights that
you know you want to stay on the ground
trade with those retail Concepts you're
never going to fly but you have to run
into the resistance of oncoming wind
like you you have to put your wings in
that open your your your parachute and
you'll be able to glide on
that but if you're trying to chase
something that's like finding an air
pocket you're going to fall just like
you feel when you're in an airplane you
feel that turbulence you're not getting
lift so what happens you fall and you
wonder why retail logic causes you to go
into the draw down and lose because
you're you're placing so much emphasis
on things that aren't going to give you
what you're hoping they're going to give
you but you're allowing yourself to be
beaten up in that toxic relationship and
say well it's normal because the markets
are random nobody nobody knows what
price is going to do well I'm Mr Nobody
so here's the thing
this High here it's not going to be
resistance it's going to be absorbing
buy stops above that so when it does
this when it does this very thing here
this creates this whole pocket it
becomes a balance price range that means
that this this will absolutely this high
will absolutely be just like a support
and resistance book will tell you okay
here's resistance broken turn
support
support now tell me find a [__] book
that tells you how to give that logic
where it's the right support and
resistance how to know when a support
resistance level is going to be really a
support of resistance level and not
being swept for the purposes of
gathering the liquidity above or below
them I'm sorry I'm sorry tots but your
ass is absolutely ass backwards you want
clout I gave it to you I tweeted your
[__] I hope you make more videos because
I'm going to have fun with you
everything that these people were going
to tell you if this was logic that's
borrowed from someone else somebody else
would be doing it they would explain it
beforehand they would tell you which
Supply or demand zone is going to be the
one they would use a very small Ultra
small stop loss and they would get
targets
hit just like that but you ain't seeing
that okay you're not seeing that but I'm
showing it to you I'm giving you the why
I'm giving you the when I'm I'm telling
you how to do it but as my son as the
target audience
here you have to move very SM slow and
small incremental steps okay and what
you see Dad doing you'll be able to do
that stuff it's just you have to start
here first and that way you won't feel
any regret you won't
Chase big fast money because that is
that's
easy in the Navy Seals I'm going to say
this and I'm going to close it
in the NV Navy SEAL they have an
expression slow is
smooth and smooth as
fast meaning when you move when you move
slow you're moving smoothly you're less
likely to make a mistake and because
you're not making mistakes you're moving
fast you're all trying to get to a
profitable consistent lifestyle as a
Trader where you're making big money
that big money is waiting for you you
keep pushing it further away by trying
to run to it faster than you can you
haven't even learned how to crawl yet
you haven't learned how to walk you
haven't learned how to walk briskly and
then
run when you're really good and you know
what you're looking for you can run
these markets up down all over the place
buying and selling all day
long I've made over 1,400
handles just just in the last two and
3/4
weeks and I have students that can
verify
that some of it you watch me do publicly
other stuff they've
saw I regret sometimes saying that
because it sounds like an there people
out there saying I'm going to do a
mentorship in 2025 no I'm not I'm never
doing another mentorship where you're
paying me money but I do have this group
that sits with me and I I show them what
I'm doing and I'm walking them through
what I'm walking you through here watch
this watch this it's going to behave
here it's going to reach here it
shouldn't go below here I'm walking it's
I'm tape reading them I'm giving them my
internal dialogue it's important for you
to do that on your own Caleb based on
the things I'm I'm giving you is just
foundational principles and then
building on
that if I don't tell you everything it
forces you to do what expand your
discomfort Zone see when you don't know
something it's uncomfortable and when
you're looking at these candlesticks
what's it going to do next what's going
to do next you don't have to worry about
that because what you're looking for is
what matters most to you and your model
and like it did down here it didn't give
the setup that would have yielded a
losing trade that's the benefit of
knowing what to do and when not to do
something I don't regret not capturing
along here I don't regret not shorting
up here these are all things I was
outlining but I'm teaching you Caleb
to use that first fair value guy it has
to be framed off of that it can be used
as a bullish scenario it can be used as
a bear scenario but your focus is right
here do you see the benefits of knowing
what that does for you there's all kinds
all these little gaps in here which one
are you going to pick that's the same
question every other student in the
world has of me which fair value get so
I removed that problem for you and
everybody else that wants to listen to
me use the very first one that's
presented on the one minute
chart because that'll give you enough to
start with in time you'll find that
there are other fair value gaps on time
based delivery that will be meaningful
to you as well it's not just simply the
first one but that's the first one that
can't hide right that's the first one
that's presented in price action that
they cannot hide from you so it gives
you your immediate initial Focus your
bias initially is going to be always
looking for middle of the gap
I'm making
it
binary if it's this then you do that if
it's that then you do this if neither of
these scenarios are there you do nothing
you sit still if then
else that's programming that's computer
programming that's that's how a
programmer would build with Co with code
to the project
specifications this is what I want at
the end I need a a pay I need a payroll
program that does this this this and
runs reports on these primary uh
statistics that I want to have and then
a coder sits down says okay well I can
do that and codes it out well in trading
because it's algorithmically delivered
you have to have your your arrays where
you're going to get the information from
where's the first setup going to form
every single time you sit in front of
the charts Caleb it's going to happen in
the morning
session where are you going to look for
that set up the form that's an array
that's a data point just like a
program's going to go and okay I need to
do this calculation I need to get the
source information so that data where is
it well it's in that first 30 minutes of
trading what is the first data point
where we first open up at the first 930
print in relationship to where we
settled previous day so you have two two
arrays of information right there are we
above or below at the opening at 9:30 if
we're above okay what's the midpoint
between those two price points yesterday
settlement price at
414 and 930 opening price today if we're
opening higher at 9:30 today that means
the the draw initial draw or the bias
for you is going to be
lower and you are you are submitting to
the idea that it doesn't need to get to
that midpoint Gap it doesn't never need
the pr it doesn't need the price there
yet but that's your bias and then you're
waiting until 9:31 Candlestick
closes and then at 9:32 if 9:31 creates
a fair value Gap that's your first fair
value gap of the day that is your focus
point for the range that your setup is
going to form at or
near right away that's already smashed
the [__] out of everybody else's stuff
because everybody else's stuff is
reacting to
things we're anticipating we are [__]
predicting the future that's what you're
you're trading Futures it's in the name
of the [__] game if you're not
predicting the future you're [__]
clueless you're clueless and I am not
making guesses and I I'm not teaching
you son to make [__] guesses like
these yahoos out there these people are
[__] idiots they're [__] clowns
they think they're smart they have no
idea where they're at zero they have
zero [__] understanding my students
have seen me do this and they're able to
do this and you're going to do it too
you are going to [__] run circles
around these [__] jerks but let them
talk because that is liquidity that's
the people up here that's the people
that are selling short down here that's
the people that you're targeting they're
your [__] food son they're your food
don't worry about don't play with your
[__] food okay don't worry about them
because they're going to keep coming to
the watering hole and you eat don't feel
sorry for them don't apologize to them
when you get ready to take them out
devour them [__] devour them they
food for you they're food just simply
consume them that's all you have to do
that's what trading is you don't feel
sorry for the other person outside your
trade [__] them they made the mistake
let them live with it if they're smart
they'll come back and bounce and get it
back and draw down recover if they can't
recover their draw down they don't
[__] deserve to be here they should
be food and
exterminated that's the that's the
economy in this business folks if that's
jarring for you if that's unsettling for
you get over it because that's exactly
what you're going to have happen to you
when you do it wrong your food someone
got you someone devoured you someone
took your
money but until you look at the market
like this like it's War like it's
survival of the
fittest predator and
prey what would you rather be the animal
looking
up expecting any moment Darkness to
descend upon
them or looking down at the meal and not
needing to
apologize that's the mindset that's what
it
requires if you go in here and think
you're looking at classical musical
notes on a sheet of paper mm that's
that's not how it works
you're lying to yourself This Is
War and the people on the other side of
your trade want you to fail I want all
of you if you're on the other side of my
trade I want every single one of you to
lose if I was on the other side of your
trade you'd want me to
lose why is there any shame there ain't
none if you understand the the economy
of this industry that's how it
works so you have to look for for the
advantages that everybody else makes the
same mistakes outside of the logic I'm
teaching they all make the same [__]
mistakes and they
think they think with their myopic
perspectives because I dress a chart a
certain way oh that's a
cellino time and price Theory my time
and price theory is [__] macros that
means 20 minute intervals every single
hour of every single day the last 10
minutes before the top of the hour and
the first 10 minutes of the top of the
hour every single hour that's my time
and price Theory I'm not using
geometrical [__] shapes I'm not
looking at diagonal trend lines I'm not
looking at gan gan is absolute [__]
[__] I've said this before it's
[__] that's nowhere in my charts
it's never being implemented none of
that stuff I'm looking for
time when the market should should start
running it's spooling and it's going to
be running for liquidity or
inefficiency so it means I already know
what I'm looking for TimeWise I'm
setting my watch to I'm going to set a
an expectation I'm going to look for a
setup at every [__]
hour can you do that with your harmonic
hor [__] can you do that with your
Elliot wave can you tell me that every
single hour that you're going to get a
[__] setup that you know when that
[__] setup's going to form can you do
that you [__] can't you cannot do
that so how the [__] are we on the same
playing field we're not baby I'm way to
[__] up here in the [__] Stratosphere
looking down at all you [__] piss ANS
you have no idea who the [__] talking
to you you have no idea where the [__] I
am from what I'm [__] done what I
know you are [__] clowns keep making
your dumb [__] we're all laughing at
you nowhere near in the same [__]
playing field it's it's unfair the
advantages are so unfair and what's
funny is is you can't even recognize
it you can't recognize
it so imagine the humor
imagine the [__] humor I hope this
person and everybody else that talks
that nonsense I can't wait to watch them
live stream I can't wait to see what the
[__] they do because I'm gonna fade
every [__] thing they
do and I'm gonna explain why that
[__] ain't working so please
schedule your live stream and I'm GNA
[__] show you what you [__] don't
know and this is an open invitation to
anybody I don't give a [__] who you are
let's have some fun I'm here for it I
told you the fall of this year was going
to be [__] fun and I'm here for
it but you have to understand
something just because a [__] trend
line a straight line drawing from one
point to the next doesn't mean that I'm
a trend line Trader doesn't mean that
I'm trading uh support or resistance it
doesn't mean that I'm trading supply and
demand when I highlight a very specific
price range that is a order block and it
is not a bunch of orders Okay order
blocks don't make price go
up you [__] people don't know what
you're talking about you literally don't
know what the [__] you're talking
about an order
block is two specific price levels two
one's afforded for the initial entry for
smart money and the second one if it's
given they can add to it that's what's
really going on and those specific time
intervals that I'm pointing to at any
given time that's what's really going
on it's an algorithmic delivery where
price is being offered at that price not
a Zone not some [__] Milly Vanilli
area where who the hell knows what
you're trying to get I know exactly what
I'm trying to get look at my [__]
executions look at the logic look at the
things I'm telling you as the tape is
printing on these lower time frames and
how it's stopping right to the [__]
tick it's behaving what I tell you it's
going to do how it's going to behave and
when it doesn't do that it gives me
insight and tells me it's going to go to
this liquidity or this inefficiency or
this specific
PD it's laughable like it I mean I love
it I wish more people made more videos
like that I swear I wish you would do
more of that stuff because all it does
it saturates the market with more proof
that you [__] people are
stupid because once my students see this
stuff and they make money with it in
their own hands you're never convincing
them otherwise and we're all in on the
[__] joke you're a
clown and you understand why now I've
always laughed at people like this
that's why I sound arrogant and pompous
and narcissistic because idiots are
trying to tell me what they don't
know like you don't know you simply
don't know and it's not for a lack of
opportunity because I have it out here
for
free who's the idiot here who's the fool
here someone that can tell you
beforehand and then execute on it and
then made millionaire students with it
millionaire
students not just I got a I got a payout
students you're gonna come talking to
[Laughter]
me I [__] love it I love it get your
[__] ad Revenue lady Christmas is
[__] coming that way you can put some
stamps on the [__] Christmas cards
and send them
out I will be with you tomorrow um if I
can if I absolutely can work it out I
will be with you the last hour today
okay um because I want to be able to
prove to you that uh we can we can do
more than what's being shown here but
Caleb you have plenty to work with here
you have plenty to start with as a
framework there's no guest workor in it
you're you're going by the Numbers time
of day
very specific measurements in time very
very very specific measurements in what
price you're looking for not a Zone not
a diagonal trend line not some hhip
Elliot wave garbage none of that stuff
okay the measurements of Fibonacci are
just simply giving me measurements of a
range and what beyond that range if it
trades Beyond it what level if it agrees
with another PD array that's the secret
of Fibonacci because you can have all
the Fibonacci extensions you want and
all the retracements you want it doesn't
mean price is going to do [__] there
doesn't mean that but what happens if
you have a price range that's moved
higher then it retraces lower into a 62
to 79% trement level that's the that's
the golden uh ratio I mean that's I mean
I didn't invent that it's a three4 PB by
itself there you can do that all day
long all day long and
fail but what happens when there's a PD
array that agrees with that and it's
also in a macro time 10 minutes to the
top of the hour or 10 minutes after that
same hour now you have a loaded deal
it's going to trade it's going to it's
going to it's going to run it may not
run 100 handles but it's going to run
back to the top of the range that you're
framing for that Fibonacci and that's
all you need is a bre bread and butter
setup see I can use all your tools
against you I can use all your retail
horseshit I can pick the right support
and resistance I can pick the right
[__] trend line I can pick all the
[__] supply and demand zones that are
really the ones that make money why are
all these people out there feeling when
they try to use supply and demand why am
I able to tell you beforehand all the
when am I getting it wrong have you seen
that have you noticed that lately have
you noticed that why is my [__] in my
hands work better than everything else I
can do the same thing with indicators I
can take a a buy and sell based on
Divergence that that works the real
Divergence I used to lose money all the
time trading bullish
divergences but bullish divergences that
occur in a stochastics or RSI or a macd
and you have a bullish scenario based on
a order block or inefficiency with a
fair Val you got and it's inside of a
macro there you go now your indicators
[__] work now they will work the
secret recipe that you never have is ICT
if you don't put ICT in your [__] you
got
nothing honey I'm the I'm the sweet in
the tea okay I'm the spice that makes it
so [__] nice I am the thing that the
cherry on top I'm I'm I'm what makes it
good you don't have me in it it ain't
working how about that how's that for
narcissism how's that for arrogance
without me your [__] doesn't work period
look at every one of your losing trades
I guarantee you you're against what I'm
teaching then look at your winning
trades and they're going to be an
alignment and you're not going to know
or recognize that that's the reason why
your trade
worked how about that for a [__] uh
video do a documentary on that you
[__] clowns you have no idea what
you're talking
about I could flip this around and make
a mockery of every other [__] style
and show them how it fails and how to
make it
work I got plenty of opportunities to
make [__] like that but I'm busy doing
this I'm I'm busy predicting the future
I'm busy teaching how other people can
be millionaires for free
so that's it for today low risk low
yield laboratory experiments 75 $100 a
day
time very specific price levels very
specific draws on liquidity the initial
draw is 50% of the Gap if you work with
this in the beginning Caleb don't ask
beyond that don't ask me what about this
and what about that just stick with this
do it for a couple weeks look at your
charts and you know in back testing it
look and see and you'll see these setups
are there every single day and then when
you have the ability to do it watch it
the tape live you're not pushing the
button but you're going to watch these
types of things pan out and then after
you do two or three weeks of that then
you can go and start pressing the button
with one contract on a micro and then
test the theory just simply just test it
and desensitize yourself to the worries
about making money or losing money and
that's what all of you should do too in
that order in that natural progression
that way you get go through the process
of eliminating all of the I have to make
money or I'm afraid I'm going to lose
money don't worry about none of that
stuff all that stuff is things that it's
going to work itself out
if you do everything I'm teaching that's
going to be the least of your
concern until I'll talk to you either
later today I'll let you know my
community post and or on Twitter I'll
try if I'm going to be on there I'll do
both I'll tweet it and I'll say it on my
community post otherwise the only post
you see on my community post will be
what did you learn today and for the
jackasses they'll say we we watched you
not take the profit and the market went
the other direction and that's exactly
what I want you to
see until talk to you later be safe